Add a note to clarify the purpose of the quick start guide (#5876)
pingcap/docs: quick-start-with-tidb.md

This guide walks you through the quickest way to get started with TiDB. You will be using TiUP, a package manager in the TiDB ecosystem, to help you run any TiDB cluster component with only a single line of command.

> **Note:**
>
> The deployment method provided in this guide is **ONLY FOR** quick start, **NOT FOR** production.
>

> > - If you need to deploy an on-premise production cluster, see [production installation guide](/production-deployment-using-tiup.md).
> > - If you need to deploy TiDB in Kubernetes, see [Get Started with TiDB in Kubernetes](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-in-kubernetes/stable/get-started).
> > - If you need to manage TiDB in the cloud, see [TiDB Cloud Quick Start](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/beta/tidb-cloud-quickstart).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - To deploy an on-premises production cluster, see [production installation guide](/production-deployment-using-tiup.md).
> - To deploy TiDB in Kubernetes, see [Get Started with TiDB in Kubernetes](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-in-kubernetes/stable/get-started).
> - To manage TiDB in the cloud, see [TiDB Cloud Quick Start](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/beta/tidb-cloud-quickstart).
```
